but then they venture to the dark side
of the moon and they realize there was
artifacts just like in the movie
transformer - which was funny when I saw
it I said I was applauded Michael Bay
they found it there was other
civilizations and already alien
artifacts were on the moon so if that
happens that means that the concept is
Christ no longer should be you do you
believe that the earth is round the more
and more I see flat earthers talking and
the more things I read about the port I
think it's another distraction to keep
us not paying attention ok I think we're
living in hunter games and the hunter
games that people just don't realize but
I've got a mathematical brain I did a
level massively that got an alien a
double Mouse not used in a while and I
wondered when it would come into play so
this whole flat everything ok
sure it should be easily disproven you
know I've looked into it when you
realize NASA you know that's to get
nightly got nineteen point three billion
in taxpayers money this year and all
they have to do is enough of a honey
would to give us enough photos and
stories and hypnotizes and and connect
with that in a child to quote Jimmy Dore
I am NOT a math scientist but as we get
older in life we stopped dealing with
mathematics on a chalkboard in a
classroom start doing real life analysis
as adults what matters more and more is
not what type of fancy operation you can
produce with the numbers but your
ability to in a clear and lucid and
consistent way remember and express what
the numbers mean so is it really a lot
of money to say that NASA has a budget
of twenty billion dollars is that so
much money that it somehow stops all for
their rational thought on the matter
well Yale University annual operating
budget three point six billion so you
know maybe if you add about five
institutions the size of Yale and a
little bit extra put on for the cost of
jet fuel I mean would that be able to
handle about what NASA does in a year
oh look at that University of California
thirty four point five
look all these numbers can be
investigated would it be possible to
operate NASA for with only 15 billion
dollars would it be possible to cut
University of California down to only 20
billion or sure University of California
bump up to 40 billion meaningful
questions for the Social Sciences ask
but hey doesn't this put it in a
different perspective US Air Force 132
billion dollars per year okay obviously
in some ways the research that NASA does
is comparable to Yale or the University
of California by the way Yale does have
its own space program much more humble
space program obviously but in some ways
what NASA does is comparable to the US
Air Force any of these numbers you have
to have the very basic self-discipline
to take one moment and see them in
comparative context not necessarily the
advanced ability to get up in front of a
chalkboard and show off complex
mathematical operations but the ability
to understand and communicate what
numbers really mean that's the essential
element of mathematics in politics so I
can't get my phone to work on my Holland
in 2018 but we took a plane a jet left
our atmosphere went to a moon that's
floating with us shot off up a space
shuttle the spaceship kept going around
the moon this goes down lands on the
moon they get out they jump around and
they take a picture so I said who took
the picture if he's the first man on the
moon
who took the picture it wasn't a two-man
crew but I'm strong when they showed it
was the first man on the moon we revolve
around the Sun which is not the center
of the universe a center of the galaxy
it's in the suburbs of Gallifrey just
the center of this universe of this of
this kind of sympathy there's God's our
Sun the Sun is the center of this
particular galaxy questionable right in
the Milky Way
that's part of it cuz we go down and
down and down and down and then I you
know
so look guys it's hard for me to be
objective reporting the story because
I'd really like to believe that larger
penis size corresponds to higher
intelligence I'd also really like to
believe that you need to be
extraordinarily intelligent to sleep
with Lisa Ann but John Salley seems to
be disproving all these things oh no
wait it's hard for me to be objective
because I care a lot about the future of
the vegan movement and it's precisely
voices like John Salley and Tim shieff
who end up dragging the name of veganism
through the mud who chose these people
to be leaders and spokespeople for the
vegan movement well in part we can say
nobody chose them they chose themselves
but you know what in part they were
selected voices like John Salley come to
the fore precisely because a small
number of agencies like People for the
Ethical Treatment of Animals put them on
stage as spokespeople
there are people who hold up the picture
frame and provide the platform for
people like John Salley and Tim shieff
to become major voices in the vegan
movement and if in this case you do not
think they are so egregiously stupid
that it's a problem let me ask you what
is the limit at what point is stupidity
of such overweening significance that it
invalidate everything else about
somebody's political career that is the
question
John Salley leads me next last question
everyone has been asking this for a long
time how big is my Peter
how big not fairy not fairy